Really? him like this
I don't think I've ever seen it.
Sister, you must have missed Auntie very much these years, right?
These years
The reason why Shen Zangzhong has a bonfire under his hands
Just because I wanted to save my mother
I had planned
After rescuing my mother, I followed Shen Zangzong
perish together
But now I'm greedy again
I want to be with you
Want my mom
Look at you too
Grandma likes you so much
She will love it too
Sister, don't worry.
I will definitely wake my aunt up
Xiao Qiao
Are you sure you want to use your soul?
Do you want the soul of double wisdom?
Illusions are dangerous
Extremely dangerous
You might even lose your life.
You don't have to persuade me, I've made up my mind.
Xiao Qiao
I came today.
Just wanted to ask you a favor
What are you busy with?
I want to borrow a magic tool from the leader
When I do
Completely end the relationship between me and Shen Shuijing
The fetters of life and death
I remember saving your life
Then you can repay me today.
Remember to take the magic tool tomorrow?